### Program_1.py

    Given a two list of numbers create a new list such that new list should contain only odd numbers from the
    first list and even numbers from the second list.

### Program_2.py

    Convert two equal length lists into a dictionary.

### Program_3.py

    Given an array of integers nums and and integer target, return the indices of the two numbers such that 
    they add up to target.You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution, and you may not use 
    the same element twice.You can return the answer in any order.
 
>Examples:

     Example 1:
        Input: nums = [2,7,11,15], target = 9
        Output: [0,1]
        Output: Because nums[0] + nums[1] == 9, we return [0, 1]
     Example 2:
        Input: nums = [3,2,4], target = 6
        Output: [1,2]
     Example 3:
        Input: nums = [3,3], target = 6
        Output: [0,1]
 
>Constraints:

     1 <= nums.length <= 105
     -109 <= nums[i] <= 109
     -109 <= target <= 109
     Only one valid answer exists.
    
### Program_4.py

    competition between user & system generated numbers to conculde who's winner among the random 
    numbers which generates by user , system .

### Program_5.py

    printing the least number which is generated by system randomly & tracking those numbers too.

### Program_6.py

    Program will display the number of occurance count of each unique values which is present in list .

### Program_7.py

    There is a saying that "Data scientists spend 80% of their time cleaning data, and 20% of their time 
    complaining about cleaning data." Let's see if you can write a function to help clean US zip code data. 
    Given a string, it should return whether or not that string represents a valid zip code. For our purposes, 
    a valid zip code is any string consisting of exactly 5 digits.

### Program_8.py

    Convert integer number to its equivalent binary code.

### Program_9.py

    Program to make the list with unique elements in it which means removing duplicates from it.

### Program_10.py

    program to sort out only the positive numbers on the list , leave the negative numbers as it is. display 
    the list .

### Program_11.py

    Program is to separating the zero's from list to end of the array & sorting the other numbers (*rather than 0) in a order.

Ex : 
    input = [1,5,0,3,0,0,2,4]
    output : [1,2,3,4,5,0,0,0]
